remove invalid type and revise note callout (#1217)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/organizations/verify-user-permissions.mdx

In order to enhance typesafety in your project, you can define a global `ClerkAuthorization` interface, which defines the acceptable values for roles and permissions.

> [!NOTE]

> > By default, roles and permission types like `OrganizationCustomRoleKey` and `OrganizationCustomPermissionKey` are assigned `string`. However, if a `ClerkAuthorization` type is defined, it will be utilized instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> By default, roles and permission types, such as `OrganizationCustomRoleKey` and `OrganizationCustomPermissionKey`, are assigned `string`. However, if a `ClerkAuthorization` type is defined, it will be utilized instead.
```

Author: Thanks for the review @alexisintech, amazing edits.
